hey guys Sherman 614 here and i am here
with my k bar tanto review it is we got
two snaps which is really unnecessary
because of the tactical sheet it doesn't
fall out and this right here you can see
by oh crap the kydex sheath anyway pull
that down then you can pull it out there
as you can see partially serrated now
much duration but it's good enough it's
got a great tip it is very sharp it has
got a non-slip rubber handle metal butt
cap I believe it is a 1095 high carbon
steel blade black powder coated and it's
got us 1245 stamped on it and the back k
bar old in New York it is it's big knife
but it is it's very life such a big
knife it is very well it's well weighted
you know if it's very comfortably anyway
you hold it verse grip specially it is I
said a big knife today actually I don't
think it's an eight-inch blade it's
seven and a half I believe seven in
quarter but I really loved this knife
and I Souls now it doesn't doesn't come
out thanks i'm told you that and that's
got all kinds of holes and slots in it
this which i have no idea what that is
but maybe you can help me out give me
people better many ways you can carry it
I still understand why has two snaps it
really doesn't need any if you really
needed it in there both snapped you'll
be dead by the time you get the knife at
you know I really needs is one but
anyway beside the point but it is a
really great knife this comes in
plainedge i believe on certain websites
i believe they've been discontinued the
plain edge version these also come in a
four-inch blade length for the mini k
bar i paid paid sit about 60 for this
and for some reason the mini sure k bars
are also 60 on their website i got this
at a gun show along with most of my
knives I got no clutch pretty much all
my knives at again show now I got a guy
got a good deal on this about the same
time bout my brave heart so I got a good
deal on the both of them very thin I
almost bought the Cold Steel yeah recon
tanto but the blade is about half an
inch shorter maybe and the blade is
about as his wide as the guard on this
knife I just really didn't like it
because they had a great they had a
great handle you know a great feel to it
I just didn't care for it but uh k bar
but i love this knife this is a great
knife and i'm glad i got it the cheapest
i have seen it is I said about 60 bucks
but uh I love this knife I suggested to
anybody this is a really great knife
great fighting knife boot knife says
home defense sub defense anything you'd
use it for but is a great knife you
should you should get yourself one